Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here. Before
we start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today,
I’m going to recap a 2019 Korean Horror Mystery
movie, called Warning: Do Not Play. This movie
tells the story of a director who tries
to make a horror movie, out of her best
friend’s misfortune. So, what happened to her best
friend? Is the film a success? Let’s find it out.
The movie starts with Mi-Jung, Who is
sleeping while watching in the theater.
When she wakes up, the movie has finished
and the theater is empty. She is confused
and tries to leave. However, the exit door has
been locked by the guards. Suddenly, there is a
strange noise similar to wet muddy feet walking.
She looks for the source of the noise and finds
a woman standing in the hallway. She curiously
takes a photo of the woman to look at her face.
When she looks at the photo, she is surprised that
the woman is a ghost. She runs to the parking lot
to run away. While trying to turn on her car,
the lights in the lot go out. Out of nowhere,
the ghost confronts and scares her. Turns out,
all of that was a nightmare and she wakes up.
Inspired by the nightmare, Mi-Jung tries to make
a script out of it. She is a horror film director.
In the past weeks, she has been chased by her
submission deadline. In the office, her boss
urges her to make a horror film with a theater
as a background. She begs for another two weeks
to meet the deadline. Her boss accepts her plea
because she has won the best film award in Korea.
In a convenience store, Mi-Jung meets her best
friend, Kim, to talk about her deadline. She
asks Kim to look for content to save her
career. Kim tells her about a horror film.
It is said that the film was recorded by a ghost.
Kim also explains that half of the audience left,
and some died due to heart attacks. However, when
asked about the film creator, Kim cannot answer
her. But Kim knows that the film was used as a
university graduation project by the creator.
The next day, Mi-Jung visits the university to
find out more about the film and its creator.
She asks a Professor who's worked there for
10 years. She directly asks about the rumored
ghost-shot film. However, since she doesn’t
know the details of the film and the creator,
the Professor cannot help her. Mi-Jung tries to
look for the film in the university’s library too,
but with no result. When the night comes,
Mi-Jung visits a local restaurant to eat.
There, she sees a group of students from the
film university. Without hesitation, she asks
them about the rumored film. She challenged them
to tell the scariest story of their university.
The first guy says that there is an abandoned
theater near their university. It is rumored
that an actress named Soon-Mi was burned to death
there, leaving the theater haunted by the Ghost.
The second guy continues the story, he says that
there was a film made for graduation 10 years ago.
During the screening, most of the audience passed
out and some died due to heart attacks. To add to
the tension, the Director claimed that the film
isn’t theirs, but is made by a Ghost. The third
guy adds that the film was accepted to the Bucheon
Fantastic Film Festival, and is titled “Warning”
The next day, she meets a friend who works for
the Bucheon Fantastic Film Festival, to look for
the rumored film’s footage. It is found that
the film was selected, but the screening was
canceled. The footage is encrypted and put in the
archive. Her friend tries to ask his senior for
approval to help Mi-Jung. While her friend is on
the phone, Mi-Jung tries to look at the footage,
she finds the password stuck on the desk
wall. Successfully unlocks the encryption,
she copies the film to her phone and leaves.
Then, she arrives in her apartment and hurriedly
plays the film. In the film, 3 characters enter
the abandoned theater, and two of them are being
killed by the Ghost. Still feeling uninspired,
Mi-Jung finds the Director’s contact in the file.
She tries to call the Director but fails,
so she sends an email to the Director.
The next day, she visits Kim’s workplace
while waiting for the Director’s reply.
Suddenly, a call from the Director comes in. The
Director asks her to delete the email, but she
will only delete it after meeting the Director.
After ending the call, she hastily leaves for the
place of the meeting. An unorganized man
shows up that claims to be the Director.
With shaky hands, he lit his cigarette. He has
some scars on his neck, similar to attempted
suicide. The Director directly demands Mi-Jung
to delete her email. After deleting the post,
The Director warns Mi-Jung to not search
about “Warning” any further and leaves.
Unsatisfied with the result, Mi-Jung
follows the Director to his house.
In the seemingly abandoned house, a lot of candles
are lit with crosses hanging on the ceiling.
A lot of scary drawings are also attached to the
wall. She finds a chained cupboard and tries to
open it. Luckily, it isn’t locked and the film’s
tape is in it. While trying to find clues, the
Director comes home so she hides under the bed.
The Director is driven mad by the Ghost. Mi-Jung
tries to leave the house but the Director captures
her. He tries to destroy the tape so that no more
people can be hurt by the film. Still curious
about the tape, Mi-Jung grabs it and leaves.
In the apartment, Kim has successfully opened
the content of the tape. The tape contains
documentation of the film-making. Successfully
helped Mi-Jung, Kim leaves the apartment. Mi-Jung
fell asleep while watching the film. When she
wakes up, she hears someone knock on her bathroom
door. When she enters the bathroom, the light
turns on on its own. Finding that the bathroom is
empty, she closes the door and the Ghost shows up.
Later, Mi-Jung tries to make a script but suddenly
the lights go out. Her bathroom door opens and she
finds a knife on the tub. She hears a sound in her
living room and when she looks back, the knife
has disappeared. Afraid of what’s happening, she
tries to leave but the door is locked. She hears a
sound again in her room and finds the Ghost there.
She takes a photo with the flashlight on,
and the Ghost leaves due to the flashlight.
In the next clip, 3 persons and 1 cameraman
enter the abandoned theater to shoot the Ghost.
The cameraman finds a shadow on the wall and
talks to himself. He says that he wants to make
the world’s scariest film and run away. Turns
out, the cameraman is actually the Director.
Mi-Jung replays the clip and finds that there is
a photo of a girl similar to the Ghost that has
haunted her and the Director. Mi-Jung immediately
goes to the theater to check out her findings.
Kim comes to the apartment and watches the clip
too. In the clip, the 3 persons that accompany the
Director are setting up the lighting. Suddenly,
the lighting dims and the Director is hiding at
the corner of the room. He hides there as if he
knows about the next incident. One of them screams
and disappears with a blood trail on the floor.
Meanwhile, Mi-Jung enters the theater and the
Ghost gives her a vision about what happened.
Firstly, Mi-Jung sees that the Director hastily
runs out of the building after seeing the crew
kidnapped by the ghost. She follows a blood trail
that leads to a basement. There, she finds the
crew banging his head to a wall while begging for
help. After killing him, the Ghost also kills
his friend by forcing a bat down his throat.
Surprised by the events, Mi-Jung runs to the
upper level to find another vision. A girl is
watching how Soon-Mi, the Ghost, died. Soon-Mi was
filming for a clip with a rope around her neck.
However, an accident occurred and she was
left hanging in the burning building to die.
Then, the Ghost suffocates the girl
to death. While exiting the theater,
Mi-Jung passed by the Director. The Director
thinks that Mi-Jung is the Ghost’s manifestation.
So he grabs her and drags her to the basement.
In the basement, the Director admits that he
knew all along about the killings. Even though
he knew that they would be killed, the Director
didn’t do anything to help them. The Director
still retrieved the tape and made a name for
himself out of their death. Even in the screening
theater, he was the only one left in the room,
watching with a big smile. Due to the guilt,
the Director tries to burn himself and Mi-Jung
to death. But his attempt is thwarted by the
Ghost. The Ghost strangles the Director to death.
Mi-Jung frees herself out of the bondage, and once
more records the incident for her upcoming film.
Then, she tries to leave the building. But when
she opens the door, she is transported back into
the theater. The Ghost drags her back into the
inner room and confronts her. After escaping,
she tries to exit the building once more but is
teleported back in again. The Ghost haunts her and
she tries to defend herself with a knife she finds
on the theater floor. Suddenly, a wire appears and
strangles Mi-Jung. Knowing that flashlight is the
Ghost’s weakness, she takes a selfie and releases
herself. She is attacked by the Ghost once more.
She grabs a beacon and lights it to burn the
Ghost. While the Ghost is burned to death, Mi-Jung
once more grabs her phone to record the incident.
A few days have passed, Mi-Jung is seen
working on her film in her apartment.
The room is full of candles and crosses hanging
on the ceiling. Her boss calls her and says that
the script gets approval to be produced. Mi-Jung
becomes a popular director due to her new film:
Warning. The film tells about the incidents that
she has experienced so far, starting from her
dream, to the Ghost in the theater. It is also
revealed that Kim actually died when trying to
save Mi-Jung. Kim hurriedly went to the haunted
theater after watching the clip but was trapped
in the burning building. At the end of the movie,
Mi-Jung smiles because of her successful film,
regardless of her best friend’s death
Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like
and comment to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching, and see you, next time.